README.md, before:

# Dlearn

<!-- GitHub can only display SVGs in img tags, not markdown -->
<img src="./logo.svg"/>

[![GitHub latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/rjkilpatrick/dlearn.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/releases)
[![Github Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rjkilpatrick/dlearn?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/issues)
[![Github build status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/Run%20all%20dub%20unit%20tests?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/actions/workflows/unit-test.yml)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rjkilpatrick/dlearn?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/blob/main/LICENSE)

High-level Linear algebra and scientific computing package in D.

## Table of contents

- [State of the Project](#state-of-the-project)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Building from source](#building-from-source)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Building the Documentation](#building-the-documentation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## State of the Project

The **API** is in very early stages and is subject to change **without notice**.
If you are using it in your own projects, please pin to an [exact version](https://github.com/dlang/dub/wiki/Version-management).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

1. [dub](https://dub.pm/)
1. [dmd / ldc](https://dlang.org/download.html)

### Building from source

1. Download Dlearn from <https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn>
1. Copy the folder `dlearn` in the `source` directory into your project folder
1. `dub add-local dlearn`

## Usage

```d
import std : writeln;
import dlearn.allocation : ones, eye;
import dlearn.math : sinh;
import dlearn.linalg : matrixMultiply;

auto x = ones!double(2, 2);
auto y = x.matrixMultiply(eye!double(2));
y.sinh.writeln;
```

For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://rjkilpatrick.github.io/dlearn/).

## Building the Documentation

Dlearn uses `ddox` documentation generator which you can build with:

```sh
dub build -b ddox
```

Or you can build and then run a webserver with:

```sh
dub run -b ddox
```

## Contributing

If you find a bug, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/issues).

Any and all contributions are appreciated.
If you think of a feature you'd like added, or how we can improve the project, submit an issue too.

## License

dlearn is distributed under the MIT license, as found in  [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: Migrate logo to png

README.md, after:

# Dlearn

![Dlearn logo](logo.png)

[![GitHub latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/rjkilpatrick/dlearn.svg?maxAge=86400&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/releases)
[![Github Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rjkilpatrick/dlearn?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/issues)
[![Github build status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/Run%20all%20dub%20unit%20tests?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/actions/workflows/unit-test.yml)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rjkilpatrick/dlearn?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/blob/main/LICENSE)

High-level Linear algebra and scientific computing package in D.

## Table of contents

- [State of the Project](#state-of-the-project)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Building from source](#building-from-source)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Building the Documentation](#building-the-documentation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## State of the Project

The **API** is in very early stages and is subject to change **without notice**.
If you are using it in your own projects, please pin to an [exact version](https://github.com/dlang/dub/wiki/Version-management).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

1. [dub](https://dub.pm/)
1. [dmd / ldc](https://dlang.org/download.html)

### Using with dub

To use this package, run the following command in the root directory of your project

```sh
dub add dlearn
```

Or manually add the following to your dub.json

```json
"dlearn": "~>0.0.2"
```

See [dub](https://code.dlang.org/packages/dlearn) for details.

## Usage

```d
import std : writeln;
import dlearn.allocation : ones, eye;
import dlearn.math : sinh;
import dlearn.linalg : matrixMultiply;

auto x = ones!double(2, 2);
auto y = x.matrixMultiply(eye!double(2));
y.sinh.writeln;
```

For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://rjkilpatrick.github.io/dlearn/).

## Building the Documentation

Dlearn uses `ddox` documentation generator which you can build with:

```sh
dub build -b ddox
```

Or you can build and then run a webserver with:

```sh
dub run -b ddox
```

## Contributing

If you find a bug, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/rjkilpatrick/dlearn/issues).

Any and all contributions are appreciated.
If you think of a feature you'd like added, or how we can improve the project, submit an issue too.

## License

dlearn is distributed under the MIT license, as found in [LICENSE](LICENSE).
